Add warning about maxmemory to Redis page (#3735)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/platform/src/add-services/redis.md

To switch from persistent to ephemeral Redis,
set up a new service with a different name.

{{% note theme="warning" title="Warning" %}}

> The `maxmemory` Redis configuration setting instructs Redis to use a specified amount of RAM for the data set.

Author: ```suggestion
The `maxmemory` configuration setting instructs Redis to use a specified amount of RAM for the data set.
```

When defining container resources, keep in mind that,
based on a [recommendation from Redis](https://docs.redis.com/latest/rs/installing-upgrading/install/plan-deployment/hardware-requirements/#productionenvironment),
{{% vendor/name %}} limits ``maxmemory`` to a sixth of the disk space allocated to the service container.

> For instance, if your Redis container has 6 GB of disk space, only 1 GB of RAM is actually available to the service.
> To allocate 6 GB of RAM to your service, set the disk size to `36`.

Author: ```suggestion
For instance, if your Redis container has 3072 MB of disk space, only 512 MB of RAM are actually available to the service (3072/6 = 512).
```
